feat(SkipContent): add new component to skip large contents when using tab key (#1981)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/skip-content/info.md

### Placement

Ensure you put a header or a section before the `SkipContent` component. It should describe the content, so the user understands the context.

- Example with a section landmark (section) and header + `SkipContent.Return`:

  ```jsx
  <section aria-labelledby="heading-id">
    <H2 id="heading-id">Description of table</H2>

    <SkipContent
      selector="#my-selector"
      text="Skip table with enter key – or continue tabbing"
    />

    <Table aria-labelledby="heading-id" />

  </section>

  <section id="my-selector" aria-label="Submit">
  	<SubmitForm />
  </section>
  ```

- Example using a section landmark (section) and table caption:

  ```jsx
  <section aria-labelledby="table-id">
    <SkipContent selector=".my-selector">
      Skip table with enter key – or continue tabbing
    </SkipContent>

    <Table id="table-id">
      <caption>Description of table</caption>
    </Table>

    <div className="my-selector">
      <SkipContent.Return
        selector=".my-selector" // same as SkipContent
        text="Return back to previews area"
      />

      <SubmitForm />
    </div>
  </section>
  ```

### Return button

> Optionally, you should consider to include the `SkipContent.Return` utility as well. It lets the user jump back to where they came from (before the table). This button is only focusable when the enter action by the skip button was done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you should consider to include the `SkipContent.Return` utility as well. It lets the user jump back to where they came from (before the large content). This button is only focusable when the enter action by the skip button was done.
```

Just a suggestion to rather use the generic word "large content" than "table", but if this info about the return button should intentionally only refer to the examples above(which uses table) than of course let's keep "table" 🙏
